Blacklist with Sophos Central from Slack (#289)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: Blacklist_Hash_with_Sophos_Central_from_Slack/help.md

# Description

> This workflow blacklists a SHA256 globally with Sophos Central via Slack command and reports information back to Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blacklist a SHA256 hash globally with Sophos Central via Slack command and report information back to Slack.
```
